Our guys welcome back to the course in our last lecture we started setting up the Facebook ad campaign
and we chose our objectives.
Now let's continue now with the outset.
And depending on the objective you'll see a different group of things to set up each time.
But in general it's about setting up who you want to actually see and what you want people to do and
how much you want to spend in total in the process.
I'm going to walk you through our example here where we set driving traffic as their objective.
But I'll mention a few other options along the way.
So since you chose to drive traffic the first setting we see is the on the outside is going to be guess
about traffic.
This is where you tell Facebook if you want to drive traffic to your website or to your app.
Now in our case well it's going to be a web site so we'll keep the setting as is and will enter the
URL later on in our setup.
They will bring it to our attention.
The next thing is offer and at this point I don't want to do anything with this.
I just want to create an ADD but no coupons or discount codes right this second.
Let's form the basics first and then later on you guys can get into more advanced stuff.
We can skip this and I'm just going to leave it off.
Now if you chose something else you'd probably see a different setting to begin with.
Like if you chose conversions as your objective a conversion setting will show up where you tell Facebook
what Pathi you want customers to take or if you choose they like product catalog sales is the objective
products will show up and that's a whole other thing where you're sort of set up product listings on
your Facebook page like is that the settings will vary and apply to the objective you chose.
So follow along with what Facebook shows you it's pretty straightforward.
Since we're doing a split test we're going to see the variable section with a split test.
You can run multiple ads and see what forms best but to be honest the simpler the better here if you're
starting out I suggest you do a simple A-B test two versions but change only one thing about them.
Now I know this is a little bit different than what I'm saying with Google Adwords But this is because
with Facebook you can change your audience and such a greater degree that at first I think it's worth
tailoring the audience and then figuring out the ad.
So in this case I'm going to test my audience to see if one group would perform better than another.
That's usually a bigger variation.
Maybe Generation X fans would like the service more than Millennials.
I don't know let's test that and let's just see.
Now first we need to define our audience.
Audience settings are generally include the following location which could be people living in the location
visiting there even or were recently there.
I know age range and gender have their language so then detailed targeting lets you filter your audience.
You can either include specific people or exclude them based on really detailed attributes.
For example if you wanted to target millennials you could click in the include field to use demographics
than generation then guess what.
Millennials Yes actually have written out for you.
You'll see that immediately ads over a million people to your potential audience.
And as you pick different attributes the audience size and numbers over on the right will change.
Now in most cases you're hoping to define an audience right kind of in the middle of that green range
of the audience size meter.
If it's too broad then you're not going to be effective with your ad placements.
In fact Facebook's only really get to know where to put them and you could end up getting charged a
lot more than you should.
But on the flip side if you go too specific then you're just not going to get enough volume.
So you're just not gonna have enough people looking at it.
So it's just not really going to move the needle in terms of your ad campaign.
You don't need a thousand customers.
You can't do that with a really really narrow ad campaign unless you know you're fine running it for
six months.
Let's do a little bit more here.
Now I'm gonna change my location from the U.S. to San Francisco.
So I'll click in the location field start typing San Francisco and it'll show me that as a as a choice
when I pick it well the audience has updates you can see that on the side.
Now it's kind of somewhere in the middle.
Great spot to be.
But my work is not done.
If I decide to include any other attributes or the audience size probably should increase.
For example let's say I sell products that support the local football team like the 49ers.
And I want to drive traffic to the site with my AD.
So another way to define my audience is to include people who are fans of the team so I can actually
type in Forty-Niners and then I can pick the team from the list that shows up.
San Francisco 49ers and we see the audience in the upper right has increased just a little bit more.
So go ahead and choose whatever attributes you want to finalize in your audience just to shoot for an
audience size somewhere in the middle.
And if the arrows pointing straight up in the green that's great not too narrow not too broad.
It's kind of the Goldilocks when you're good.
Just quick save this audience and then give it a name that'll help you recognize it later.
I personally like to name them like my first version second version third version or I'd say like Forty-Niners
fans plus something or Forty-Niners fans minus something and as I start figuring out more and more tailoring
it.
But I like to save the audiences because sometimes I want to go back and retrace my steps.
Somebody call this one San Francisco 49ers millennial fans and it's safe.
So now your audience settings you'll see that audience appears with at a glance.
Details about them.
Since we're doing a split test we need to choose a second audience.
So here in the variable settings you can see my millennials audience is one brought in some or two we
can edit the one we just created and then tweak it to create the new audience we want.
Easy enough.
I'll just choose that millennial audience again.
But then I'm going to click the button below and then I'll go in here.
I want to find where it says Generation click that.
And then again in effect generation X this time and I'm sending a de-select millennials.
Now we say this as a new audience using the button at the bottom and we'll call this the San Francisco
49ers.
Gen X fans perfect.
All set the variable.
And the audience information moving on now the next setting is placement and I suggest you leave it
as is with the recommended automatic placement placement settings include the device type people are
using and the network will see the ad on including Facebook Instagram Facebook.
Audience Network which actually can include a lot of other web sites.
At first I like to use all of them and then look at the stats and then figure out which ones are working
in general placements on the side of Facebook.
I talked about this before are terrible in the right column and in general mobile ads are just harder
when you're asking for more from people on the landing page so keep that in mind.
But up until this point unless you have a specific reason to show ads only on mobile media thing is
literally mobile only or only on facebook you think doesn't work for mobile or something like that.
Then I personally just leave it as it is right now.
Now the last setting worth looking at here is the budget and schedule or if you're doing a split test
the split test budget and schedule is way to go about this is to decide how much money you want to spend
in total and how many days you want to run it for if you did 10 days with a limit of like $10 a day
while you spend no more than $100 even under the split test.
You will be running two or more ads at the same time so you'll be dividing your money amongst the ads.
The good news is split test is that your ads will still be seen but you'll be hoping for a good performance
and for a way to essentially define the winner.
Keep in mind with split test you want to obviously get to a certain amount of volume to say that one's
a winner.
He spent ten bucks and said oh this one's doing better.
It's not enough information you know to be statistically relevant.
You need to get to a certain point.
I usually try to over 100 clicks and that's when I start feeling a little more comfortable about it.
That's at that point when you move like a 100 to 200 then I start really saying like OK this one clearly
winning.
And there's also one other variable that you can set here.
Facebook can actually determine a winner based on performance and that saves you actually kind of a
lot of time.
Now under the schedule you can check off in the test as soon as the winning asset can be determined.
You know one out performs better.
You don't want to run the worst ad anymore.
Right.
I'll just tell you when one is clearly better and then you can start a new campaign with the winner
or split another one.
And I think I'll run this for 10 days of the total budget.
I don't know a hundred dollars with an even split.
The ads will be run through the time each to determine the winner.
This is always just an example.
I generally suggest spending a little bit more unless you are just working with really really really
cheap ads and if you're OK with bidding really low just never having your stuff displayed.
Now once I hit continue we finally move onto the ad creation page.
Let's break here and we'll tackle that actually in the next lecture.
All right guys.
See the.